Add an example showing deployment using TensorFlow Serving and Kubernetes (#453)
huggingface/blog: deploy-tfserving-kubernetes.md

---
title: Deploying 🤗 ViT on Kubernetes with TF Serving

> thumbnail: /blog/assets/56_fine_tune_segformer/thumb.png

Author: Pending. Will be updated as available.

Reviewer: thumbnail is updated

    </a>
</div>

<div class="author-card">
    <a href="https://hf.co/chansung">
        <img class="avatar avatar-user" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/26025527?v=4" title="Gravatar">
        <div class="bfc">
            <code>chansung</code>
            <span class="fullname">Chansung Park<sup>*</sup></span>
            <span class="bg-gray-100 dark:bg-gray-700 rounded px-1 text-gray-600 text-sm font-mono">guest</span>
        </div>
    </a>
    <a href="https://hf.co/sayakpaul">
        <img class="avatar avatar-user" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/22957388?v=4" title="Gravatar">
        <div class="bfc">
            <code>sayakpaul</code>
            <span class="fullname">Sayak Paul<sup>*</sup></span>
            <span class="bg-gray-100 dark:bg-gray-700 rounded px-1 text-gray-600 text-sm font-mono">guest</span>
        </div>
    </a>
    
</div>

# Introduction

In the [<u>previous post</u>](https://huggingface.co/blog/tf-serving-vision), we showed how
to deploy a [<u>Vision Transformer (ViT)</u>](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/model_doc/vit)
model from 🤗 Transformers locally with TensorFlow Serving. We covered

> things like embedding preprocessing and postprocessing operations within

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
topics like embedding preprocessing and postprocessing operations within
```

> the ViT model, handling gRPC requests, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the vision transformer model, handling gRPC requests, and more!
```

Author: I would prefer to keep it to `Vision Transformer`.

While local deployments are an excellent head start to building
something useful, you’d need to perform deployments that can serve many
users in real-life projects. In this post, you’ll learn how to scale the
local deployment from the previous post with Docker and Kubernetes.
Therefore, we assume some familiarity with Docker and Kubernetes.

This post builds on top of the [<u>previous post</u>](https://huggingface.co/blog/tf-serving-vision). So, we highly

> recommend reading it if not already done. You can find all the code

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
recommend reading it if it's not already read. You can find all the code
```

Author: Not too sure about this passive voicing.

discussed throughout this post in [<u>this repository</u>](https://github.com/sayakpaul/deploy-hf-tf-vision-models).

# Why go with Docker and Kubernetes?

The basic workflow of scaling up a deployment like ours includes the
following steps:

- **Containerizing the application logic**: The application logic
  involves a served model that can handle requests and return
  predictions. For containerization, Docker is the industry-standard

>   goto.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  go-to.
```

> - **Deploying the Docker container**: You have many options. The most

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Deploying the Docker container**: You have various options, the most
```

>   widely used is to deploy the Docker container on a Kubernetes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  widely used option is deploying the Docker container on a Kubernetes
```

  cluster. Kubernetes provides various deployment-friendly features

>   (autoscaling, security, for example). You can use a solution like

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  (e.g. autoscaling, or security). You can use a solution such as
```

Author: It's an "and" rather a "or"/

  [<u>Minikube</u>](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/) to
  manage Kubernetes clusters locally or a serverless solution like
  [<u>Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS)</u>](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/what-is-eks.html).

You might be wondering why to use an explicit setup like this in the age
of [<u>Sagemaker,</u>](https://aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/) [<u>Vertex AI</u>](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai)
that provides ML deployment-specific features right off the bat. It is fair to think
about it.

The above workflow is widely adopted in the industry, and many
organizations benefit from it. It has already been battle-tested for
many years. It also lets you have more granular control of your
deployments while abstracting away the non-trivial bits.

This post uses [<u>Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)</u>](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine) to provision and
manage a Kubernetes cluster. This requires you to have a billing-enabled
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project. But the concepts discussed in this
post equally apply should you decide to use Minikube.

# Containerization with Docker 

> Recall from the previous post that the serving model can handle raw

Reviewer 2: Do you mean `SavedModel` format?

Author: Yes.

image inputs as bytes and is capable of preprocessing and
postprocessing.

In this section, you’ll see how to containerize that model using the
[<u>base TensorFlow Serving Image</u>](http://hub.docker.com/r/tensorflow/serving/tags/) with the
model saved in the [<u>SavedModel</u>](https://www.tensorflow.org/guide/saved_model) model. Recall how you
obtained such a SavedModel in the [<u>previous post</u>](https://huggingface.co/blog/tf-serving-vision). We assume that
you have the SavedModel compressed in `tar.gz` format. You can fetch
it from [<u>here</u>](https://github.com/sayakpaul/deploy-hf-tf-vision-models/releases/download/1.0/saved_model.tar.gz)

> just in case. Then SavedModel should be placed in the special directory

Reviewer 2: would be nice to put SavedModel in backticks as well 🙂

structure of `<MODEL_NAME>/<VERSION>/<SavedModel>`. This is how
TensorFlow Serving manages simultaneously deployed multiple versions of
multiple models.

## Preparing the Docker image

The shell script below places the SavedModel in `hf-vit/1` under the
parent directory models. You'll copy everything inside it when preparing
the Docker image. There is only one model in this example, but this
approach gives you a more generalized way.

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: Where should we run this script in? (directory) 🙂

Author: The script is standalone. You can run it on a Unix machine.

Author: Added brief instructions before the `Containerization with Docker` section.

$ MODEL_TAR=model.tar.gz
$ MODEL_NAME=hf-vit
$ MODEL_VERSION=1
$ MODEL_PATH=models/$MODEL_NAME/$MODEL_VERSION

$ mkdir -p $MODEL_PATH
$ tar -xvf $MODEL_TAR --directory $MODEL_PATH
```

The custom TensorFlow Serving image should be built on top of the base

> one. There are various approaches for this, but you’ll do this by

Reviewer 2: maybe you could give link to base image 🙂

Author: I think we did it earlier. @deep-diver Cc.

Reviewer: The link is provided. Please read the first and the second paragraphs in `Containerization with Docker` section.

Author: Provided link to reduce back and forth.

running a Docker container as illustrated in the [<u>official document</u>](https://www.tensorflow.org/tfx/serving/serving_kubernetes#commit_image_for_deployment). We start by running `tensorflow/serving` image in background mode,
then the entire `models` directory is copied to the running container
as below.

```bash
$ docker run -d --name serving_base tensorflow/serving
$ docker cp models/ serving_base:/models/
```

We used the official Docker image of TensorFlow Serving as the base, but
you can use ones that you have [<u>built from source</u>](https://github.com/tensorflow/serving/blob/master/tensorflow_serving/g3doc/setup.md#building-from-source)
as well.

> **Note**: TensorFlow Serving benefits from hardware optimizations that
> let it take advantage of instruction sets like
> [<u>AVX512</u>](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AVX-512). These

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: TensorFlow Serving benefits from hardware optimizations, that leverage instruction sets such as
[<u>AVX512</u>](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AVX-512). These
```

instruction sets can [<u>speed up deep learning model inference</u>](https://huggingface.co/blog/bert-cpu-scaling-part-1). So,
if you know the hardware on which the model will be deployed, it’s often
beneficial to obtain an optimized build of the TensorFlow Serving image
and use it throughout.

> Now that the running container has all the required files in the

Reviewer 2: That'd be nice to show a directory of file outputs inside a codeblock so people know what's required 🙂 I might be a bit too in detail, but as a person who has followed TF for production tutorials before, it's a bit important to be thorough for newcomers.

Author: Cc: @deep-diver

Reviewer: maybe this would be enough? @merveenoyan @sayakpaul 

```shell
models
models/hf-vit
models/hf-vit/1
models/hf-vit/1/keras_metadata.pb
models/hf-vit/1/variables
models/hf-vit/1/variables/variables.index
models/hf-vit/1/variables/variables.data-00000-of-00001
models/hf-vit/1/assets
models/hf-vit/1/saved_model.pb
```

Reviewer 2: it works, yes!

Kubernetes cluster.

# Deploying on a Kubernetes cluster

Deployment on a Kubernetes cluster requires the following:

- Provisioning a Kubernetes cluster, done with [<u>Google Kubernetes Engine</u>](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine) (GKE) in
  this post. However, you’re welcome to use other platforms and tools
  like EKS or Minikube.

- Connecting to the Kubernetes cluster to perform a deployment.

- Writing YAML manifests.

- Performing deployment with the manifests with a utility
  [`kubectl`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/).

Let’s go over each of these steps. We assume you already have a
billing-enabled GCP project if you’re using GKE. Also, note that you’d
need to install the [`gcloud`](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud) utility for performing the deployment on
GKE.

## Provisioning a Kubernetes cluster on GKE

You can use a shell script like so for this (available
[<u>here</u>](https://github.com/sayakpaul/deploy-hf-tf-vision-models/blob/main/hf_vision_model_tfserving_gke/provision_gke_cluster.sh)):

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: Where do we run this on GKE terminal?

Author: As long as you have `gcloud` configured on a system, you should be able to run it. 

We mentioned about `gcloud` earlier.

Reviewer 2: Can you mention this very briefly? 🙂

Author: Mentioned.

$ GKE_CLUSTER_NAME=tfs-cluster
$ GKE_CLUSTER_ZONE=us-central1-a
$ NUM_NODES=2
$ MACHINE_TYPE=n1-standard-8

$ gcloud container clusters create $GKE_CLUSTER_NAME \
    --zone=$GKE_CLUSTER_ZONE \
    --machine-type=$MACHINE_TYPE \
    --num-nodes=$NUM_NODES
```

GCP offers a variety of machine types to configure the deployment in a

> way you want. We encourage you to consult the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
way you want. We encourage you to refer to the
```

[<u>documentation</u>](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/container/clusters/create)
to know more about it.

Once the cluster is provisioned, you need to connect to it to perform
the deployment. Since GKE is used here, you also need to authenticate
yourself. You can use a shell script like so to do both of these:

```bash
$ GCP_PROJECT_ID=<GCP_PROJECT_ID>

$ export USE_GKE_GCLOUD_AUTH_PLUGIN=True

$ gcloud container clusters get-credentials $GKE_CLUSTER_NAME \
    --zone $GKE_CLUSTER_ZONE \
    --project $GCP_PROJECT_ID
```

The `gcloud container clusters get-credentials` command takes care of
both connecting to the cluster and authentication. Once this is done,
you’re ready to write the manifests.

## Writing Kubernetes manifests

Kubernetes manifests are written in [<u>YAML</u>](https://yaml.org/)
files. While it’s possible to use a single manifest file to perform the
deployment, creating separate manifest files is often beneficial for
delegating the separation of concerns. It’s common to use three manifest
files for achieving this:

> - `deployment.yaml` defines the desired state of the Deployment by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `deployment.yaml` defines the desired state of the deployment by
```

Reviewer: Deployment, Pod, Service, HPA, ... are the terminologies(actually objects) for Kubernetes. When written with the capital letter at the beginning, they can be easily distinguished from standard English words. So, we wrote "Deployment" instead of "deployment.

Author: Since `Deployment` is a concept in K8s, we decided to keep it this way.

  providing the name of the Docker image, additional arguments when
  running the Docker image, the ports to open for external accesses,
  and the limits of resources.

- `service.yaml` defines connections between external clients and

>   inside Pods in the Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  inside pods in the Kubernetes cluster.
```

Reviewer: Same reason for this one too

Author: Since Pods are a concept in K8s ...

```

Complete instructions are available
[<u>here</u>](https://github.com/sayakpaul/deploy-hf-tf-vision-models/tree/main/hf_vision_model_tfserving_gke).
Once the deployment has been performed, we can retrieve the endpoint IP
like so:

```bash
$ kubectl rollout status deployment/tfs-server
$ kubectl get svc tfs-server --watch

---------OUTPUT---------
NAME        TYPE          CLUSTER-IP   EXTERNAL-IP  PORT(S)                        AGE
tfs-server  LoadBalancer  xxxxxxxxxx   xxxxxxxxxx   8500:30869/TCP,8501:31469/TCP  xxx

```

Note down the external IP when it becomes available.

And that sums up all the steps you need to deploy your model on
Kubernetes! Kubernetes elegantly provides abstractions for complex bits
like autoscaling, cluster management, etc. while letting you focus on
the crucial aspects you should care about while deploying a model. These
include resource utilization, security (we didn’t cover that here),
performance north stars like latency, etc.

# Testing the endpoint

Given that you got an external IP for the endpoint, you can use the
following listing to test it:

```py
import tensorflow as tf 
import json
import base64

image_path = tf.keras.utils.get_file(

>     "image.jpg", "http://images.cocodataset.org/val2017/000000039769.jpg"

Reviewer 2: maybe mention later they can get it from bucket URI as well (I think it's cool for the sake of being end-to-end here)

Author: Could you elaborate?

Reviewer: I think it depends on who is the end-user. For service consumers from personal devices, it is common to make requests with data from arbitrary sources. However, if TF Serving is just a part of micro service architecture, then it would make sense to say "end-to-end" with GCS bucket URI. 

Maybe we could just a leave a short comment like `you can get a file from GCS with get_file API as well`.

Author: I don't think `get_file()` supports `gs://` URIs. 

I tried the following (`video-api-storage` bucket has public viewing enabled):

```
video_gcs_uri = "gs://video-api-storage/sample_video.mp4"
path_to_downloaded_file = tf.keras.utils.get_file("video.mp4", video_gcs_uri)
```

It results it:

```
Exception                                 Traceback (most recent call last)
[/usr/local/lib/python3.7/dist-packages/keras/utils/data_utils.py](https://localhost:8080/#) in get_file(fname, origin, untar, md5_hash, file_hash, cache_subdir, hash_algorithm, extract, archive_format, cache_dir)
    279         raise Exception(error_msg.format(origin, e.code, e.msg))
    280       except urllib.error.URLError as e:
--> 281         raise Exception(error_msg.format(origin, e.errno, e.reason))
    282     except (Exception, KeyboardInterrupt) as e:
    283       if os.path.exists(fpath):

Exception: URL fetch failure on gs://video-api-storage/sample_video.mp4: None -- unknown url type: gs
```

)
bytes_inputs = tf.io.read_file(image_path)
b64str = base64.urlsafe_b64encode(bytes_inputs.numpy()).decode("utf-8")
data = json.dumps(
    {"signature_name": "serving_default", "instances": [b64str]}
)

json_response = requests.post(
    "http://<ENDPOINT-IP>:8501/v1/models/hf-vit:predict", 
    headers={"content-type": "application/json"}, 
    data=data
)
print(json.loads(json_response.text))

---------OUTPUT---------
{'predictions': [{'label': 'Egyptian cat', 'confidence': 0.896659195}]}

```

If you’re interested to know how this deployment would perform if it
meets more traffic then we recommend you to check [<u>this article</u>](https://blog.tensorflow.org/2022/07/load-testing-TensorFlow-Servings-REST-interface.html).
Refer to the corresponding [<u>repository</u>](https://github.com/sayakpaul/deploy-hf-tf-vision-models/tree/main/locust)
to know more about running load tests with Locust and visualize the results.

# Notes on different TF Serving configurations

TensorFlow Serving
[<u>provides</u>](https://www.tensorflow.org/tfx/serving/serving_config)
various options to tailor the deployment based on your application use
case. Below, we briefly discuss some of them.

> **`enable_batching`** enables the batch inference capability that

Reviewer 2: Batching in cloud is particularly useful if you don't want to pay continuously (I think this is a super cool info to mention to people can save 💴 💵 ) but it's your choice 😅

Reviewer: Once we have an instance of TFServing, people could choose where to deploy it. So we left just a general ideas about batching capability. We will discuss more in-depth in the next blog posts.

However, I really appreciate your comment since I have not thought about it as a money saver :)

Author: It's a money saver only when you can afford to run things in an offline mode. We can definitely mention that in a bit more detail.

Author: Added a note.

collates them as a batch, performs a batch inference, and returns the
results of each request to the appropriate clients. TensorFlow Serving
provides a rich set of configurable options (such as `max_batch_size`,
`num_batch_threads`) to tailor your deployment needs. You can learn
more about them
[<u>here</u>](https://github.com/tensorflow/serving/blob/master/tensorflow_serving/batching/README.md).

**`enable_model_warmup`** warms up some of the TensorFlow components
that are lazily instantiated with dummy input data. This way, you can
ensure everything is appropriately loaded up and that there will be no
lags during the actual service time.

# Conclusion

In this post, you learned about deploying the Vision Transformer model
from 🤗Transformers on a Kubernetes cluster. If you’re doing this for
the first time, the steps may appear to be a little daunting, but once
you get the grasp, they’ll soon become an essential component of your
toolbox.

In the next post, we’ll show you how to perform these deployments with
significantly less code with [<u>Vertex AI</u>](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai) – more like
`model.deploy(autoscaling_config=...)` and boom! We hope you’re just as

> excited as we’re.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
excited as we are.
```

```bash
$ find /models
/models
/models/hf-vit
/models/hf-vit/1
/models/hf-vit/1/keras_metadata.pb
/models/hf-vit/1/variables
/models/hf-vit/1/variables/variables.index
/models/hf-vit/1/variables/variables.data-00000-of-00001
/models/hf-vit/1/assets
/models/hf-vit/1/saved_model.pb
```

The custom TensorFlow Serving image should be built on top of the [base one](http://hub.docker.com/r/tensorflow/serving/tags/).
There are various approaches for this, but you’ll do this by running a Docker container as illustrated in the
[<u>official document</u>](https://www.tensorflow.org/tfx/serving/serving_kubernetes#commit_image_for_deployment). We start by running `tensorflow/serving` image in background mode, then the entire `models` directory is copied to the running container
as below.

```bash
$ docker run -d --name serving_base tensorflow/serving
$ docker cp models/ serving_base:/models/
```

We used the official Docker image of TensorFlow Serving as the base, but
you can use ones that you have [<u>built from source</u>](https://github.com/tensorflow/serving/blob/master/tensorflow_serving/g3doc/setup.md#building-from-source)
as well.

> **Note**: TensorFlow Serving benefits from hardware optimizations, that leverage instruction sets such as

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Note**: TensorFlow Serving benefits from hardware optimizations that leverage instruction sets such as
```

Next, we go through the important parts of each of these manifests.

**`deployment.yaml`**:

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  labels:
    app: tfs-server
  name: tfs-server
...
spec:
  containers:
  - image: gcr.io/$GCP_PROJECT_ID/tfserving-hf-vit:latest
    name: tfs-k8s
    imagePullPolicy: Always
    args: ["--tensorflow_inter_op_parallelism=2", 
           "--tensorflow_intra_op_parallelism=8"] 
    ports:
    - containerPort: 8500
      name: grpc
    - containerPort: 8501
      name: restapi
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 800m
      requests:
        cpu: 800m
...

```

You can configure the names like `tfs-server`, `tfs-k8s` any way you
want. Under `containers`, you specify the Docker image URI the
deployment will use. The current resource utilization gets monitored by
setting the allowed bounds of the `resources` for the container. It
can let HPA (discussed later) decide to scale up or down the number of
containers. `requests.cpu` is the minimal amount of CPU resources to
make the container work correctly set by operators. Here 800m means 80%
of the whole CPU resource. So, HPA monitors the average CPU utilization

> out of the sum of `requests.cpu` across all pods to make scaling

Reviewer 3: Please capitalize Pods consistently

    </a>
    <a href="/sayakpaul">
        <img class="avatar avatar-user" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/22957388?v=4" title="Gravatar">
        <div class="bfc">
            <code>sayakpaul</code>
            <span class="fullname">Sayak Paul<sup>*</sup></span>
            <span class="bg-gray-100 dark:bg-gray-700 rounded px-1 text-gray-600 text-sm font-mono">guest</span>
        </div>
    </a>
    
</div>

# Introduction

In the [<u>previous post</u>](https://huggingface.co/blog/tf-serving-vision), we showed how
to deploy a [<u>Vision Transformer (ViT)</u>](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/model_doc/vit)
model from 🤗 Transformers locally with TensorFlow Serving. We covered
topics like embedding preprocessing and postprocessing operations within
the Vision Transformer model, handling gRPC requests, and more!

While local deployments are an excellent head start to building
something useful, you’d need to perform deployments that can serve many
users in real-life projects. In this post, you’ll learn how to scale the
local deployment from the previous post with Docker and Kubernetes.
Therefore, we assume some familiarity with Docker and Kubernetes.

> This post builds on top of the [<u>previous post</u>](https://huggingface.co/blog/tf-serving-vision). So, we highly

Author: "recommend" missing?

> This post builds on top of the [<u>previous post</u>](https://huggingface.co/blog/tf-serving-vision). So, we highly

Reviewer 4: Oh yes sorry!

This post uses [<u>Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)</u>](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine)
to provision and manage a Kubernetes cluster. We assume you already have a
billing-enabled GCP project if you’re using GKE. Also, note that you’d need to
configure the [`gcloud`](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud) utility for
performing the deployment on GKE. But the concepts discussed in this post
equally apply should you decide to use Minikube.

**Note**: The code snippets shown in this post can be executed on a Unix terminal
as long as you have configured the `gcloud` utility along with Docker and `kubectl`.
More instructions are available in the [accompanying repository](https://github.com/sayakpaul/deploy-hf-tf-vision-models/tree/main/hf_vision_model_onnx_gke). 

# Containerization with Docker 

Recall from the previous post that the serving model can handle raw
image inputs as bytes and is capable of preprocessing and
postprocessing.

In this section, you’ll see how to containerize that model using the
[<u>base TensorFlow Serving Image</u>](http://hub.docker.com/r/tensorflow/serving/tags/). TensorFlow Serving consumes models

> in the [`SavedModel`](https://www.tensorflow.org/guide/saved_model) format. Recall how you

Author: Maybe keep this one to empathize with the reader in case they feel clueless about the SavedModel?

> in the [`SavedModel`](https://www.tensorflow.org/guide/saved_model) format. Recall how you

Reviewer 4: Sure, that's a good compromise :)

[<u>here</u>](https://github.com/sayakpaul/deploy-hf-tf-vision-models/tree/main/hf_vision_model_tfserving_gke/.kube/base).
Below, we present a pictorial overview of how these manifests are
consumed.

![](./assets/94_tf_serving_kubernetes/manifest_propagation.png)

Next, we go through the important parts of each of these manifests.

**`deployment.yaml`**:

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  labels:
    app: tfs-server
  name: tfs-server
...
spec:
  containers:
  - image: gcr.io/$GCP_PROJECT_ID/tfserving-hf-vit:latest
    name: tfs-k8s
    imagePullPolicy: Always
    args: ["--tensorflow_inter_op_parallelism=2", 
           "--tensorflow_intra_op_parallelism=8"] 
    ports:
    - containerPort: 8500
      name: grpc
    - containerPort: 8501
      name: restapi
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 800m
      requests:
        cpu: 800m
...

```

You can configure the names like `tfs-server`, `tfs-k8s` any way you
want. Under `containers`, you specify the Docker image URI the
deployment will use. The current resource utilization gets monitored by
setting the allowed bounds of the `resources` for the container. It

> can let HPA (discussed later) decide to scale up or down the number of

Reviewer 4: I would spell out Horizontal Pod Autoscaler here since its the first time you're introducing it.

[<u>here</u>](https://github.com/IntelAI/models/blob/master/docs/general/tensorflow_serving/GeneralBestPractices.md).

**`service.yaml`**:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  labels:
    app: tfs-server
  name: tfs-server
spec:
  ports:
  - port: 8500
    protocol: TCP
    targetPort: 8500
    name: tf-serving-grpc
  - port: 8501
    protocol: TCP
    targetPort: 8501
    name: tf-serving-restapi
  selector:
    app: tfs-server
  type: LoadBalancer
```

We made the type of the service ‘LoadBalancer’ so the endpoints are
exposed externally to the Kubernetes cluster. It selects the
‘tfs-server’ Deployment to make connections with external clients via
the specified ports. We open two ports of ‘8500’ and ‘8501’ for gRPC and
HTTP/REST connections respectively.

**`hpa.yaml`**:

```yaml
apiVersion: autoscaling/v1
kind: HorizontalPodAutoscaler
metadata:
 name: tfs-server

spec:
 scaleTargetRef:
   apiVersion: apps/v1
   kind: Deployment
   name: tfs-server
 minReplicas: 1
 maxReplicas: 3
 targetCPUUtilizationPercentage: 80
```

HPA stands for **H**orizontal **P**od **A**utoscaler. It sets criteria
to decide when to scale the number of Pods in the target Deployment. You

> can learn more about the auto-scaling algorithm internally used by

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
can learn more about the autoscaling algorithm internally used by
```

different manifests. This is where a utility like
[<u>Kustomize</u>](https://kustomize.io/) can be helpful. You simply
define another specification named `kustomization.yaml` like so:

```yaml
commonLabels:
  app: tfs-server
resources:
- deployment.yaml
- hpa.yaml
- service.yaml
apiVersion: kustomize.config.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Kustomization
```

Then it’s just a one-liner to perform the actual deployment:

```bash
$ kustomize build . | kubectl apply -f -
```

Complete instructions are available
[<u>here</u>](https://github.com/sayakpaul/deploy-hf-tf-vision-models/tree/main/hf_vision_model_tfserving_gke).
Once the deployment has been performed, we can retrieve the endpoint IP
like so:

```bash
$ kubectl rollout status deployment/tfs-server
$ kubectl get svc tfs-server --watch

---------OUTPUT---------
NAME        TYPE          CLUSTER-IP   EXTERNAL-IP  PORT(S)                        AGE
tfs-server  LoadBalancer  xxxxxxxxxx   xxxxxxxxxx   8500:30869/TCP,8501:31469/TCP  xxx

```

Note down the external IP when it becomes available.

And that sums up all the steps you need to deploy your model on
Kubernetes! Kubernetes elegantly provides abstractions for complex bits

> like autoscaling, cluster management, etc. while letting you focus on

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
like autoscaling and cluster management while letting you focus on
```

particularly beneficial for applications where you don't need predictions from a model
instantly. In those cases, you'd typically gather together multiple samples for prediction in batches and
then send those batches for prediction. Lucky for us, TensorFlow Serving can configure all of these
automatically when we enable its batching capabilities.

**`enable_model_warmup`** warms up some of the TensorFlow components
that are lazily instantiated with dummy input data. This way, you can
ensure everything is appropriately loaded up and that there will be no
lags during the actual service time.

# Conclusion

In this post and the associated [repository](https://github.com/sayakpaul/deploy-hf-tf-vision-models), 
you learned about deploying the Vision Transformer model
from 🤗 Transformers on a Kubernetes cluster. If you’re doing this for
the first time, the steps may appear to be a little daunting, but once
you get the grasp, they’ll soon become an essential component of your
toolbox. If you were already familiar with this workflow, we hope this post was still beneficial
for you. 

We applied the same deployment workflow for an ONNX-optimized version of the same

> Vision Transformer model. For more details, check out [this link](https://github.com/sayakpaul/deploy-hf-tf-vision-models/tree/main/hf_vision_model_onnx_gke). ONNX-optimized models are especially beneficial if you're using x86 CPUs for deployment.

Author: @osanseviero @merveenoyan added a note regarding ONNX deployments since many HF users are already familiar with it. Our repository supports deploying an ONNX-optimized version of the same ViT model to a Kubernetes cluster :) 

Cc: @deep-diver
